{# Set variables to extract nested dictionaries #}
{% set page_vars = page.meta.vars | default({}) %}
{% set page_archetype = page_vars.archetype | default({}) %}
{% set page_project = page_vars.project | default({}) %}

{# Set variables using page values or fall back to dummy defaults #}
{% set archetype_group_id = page_archetype.group_id | default('archetype_group_id') %}
{% set archetype_artifact_id = page_archetype.artifact_id | default('archetype_artifact_id') %}
{% set project_artifact_id = page_project.artifact_id | default('project_artifact_id') %}
{% set workflows_path = page_project.workflows_path | default('project_workflows_path') %}

=== "Linux / MacOS (Unix)"

    ```bash
    mvn archetype:generate \
      -DinteractiveMode=false \
      -DarchetypeGroupId={{ archetype_group_id }} \
      -DarchetypeArtifactId= {{ archetype_artifact_id }} \
      -DarchetypeVersion={{ iac.latest_release }}
      -DgroupId={{ archetype.customer_project.group_id }}
      -DartifactId={{ project_artifact_id }}{% if archetype_artifact_id == "package-xml-archetype" %}
      -DworkflowsPath= {{ workflows_path }}
      {% endif %}
    ```

=== "Windows (PowerShell)"

    ```powershell
    mvn archetype:generate `
      -DinteractiveMode=false `
      -DarchetypeGroupId={{ archetype_group_id }} `
      -DarchetypeArtifactId= {{ archetype_artifact_id }} `
      -DarchetypeVersion={{ iac.latest_release }} `
      -DgroupId={{ archetype.customer_project.group_id }} `
      -DartifactId={{ project_artifact_id }}{% if archetype_artifact_id == "package-xml-archetype" %}
      -DworkflowsPath= {{ workflows_path }}
      {% endif %}
    ```

=== "Windows (CMD)"

    ```bash
    mvn archetype:generate ^
      -DinteractiveMode=false ^
      -DarchetypeGroupId={{ archetype_group_id }} ^
      -DarchetypeArtifactId= {{ archetype_artifact_id }} ^
      -DarchetypeVersion={{ iac.latest_release }} ^
      -DgroupId={{ archetype.customer_project.group_id }} ^
      -DartifactId={{ project_artifact_id }}{% if archetype_artifact_id == "package-xml-archetype" %}
      -DworkflowsPath= {{ workflows_path }}
      {% endif %}
    ```

??? "Expand for Description of Defined Properties for the Command"

    Following is a list of the properties that you define in the command for generating a project from the archetype with details about their expected and default values.

    - The `interactiveMode` flag specifies whether you want to run the command in interactive mode.
    - The `archetypeGroupId` property defines the group ID of the archetype (project template) that you want to use for the project. Make sure to set the value to {{ archetype_group_id }}.
    - The `archetypeArtifactId` property defines the artifact ID of the archetype (project template) that you want to use for the project. Make sure to set the value to {{ archetype_group_id }}.
    - The `archetypeVersion` property is optional and defines the version of the archetype (project template) that you want to use for the project. This version matches the version of {{ general.bta_name }}.
      
        !!! note
            Note that if you do not specify a value for the `archetypeVersion` property, the command uses the default value of `2.38.1`. However, since the archetype content changes, you are advised to use an up-to-date version. 

    - The `groupId` property defines the distinct identifier of the group to which your project belongs. You should use this property to define the base name of the company or the group that creates the project. It acts as a namespace that ensures that project names don't clash with each other. It is recommended to choose a `groupId` that reflects your organization or main project.
    - The `artifactId` property defines the unique identifier for your project or module (within the company or project group). It represents the name of the artifact that is generated by the project. It is recommended to use an `artifactId` that reflects the specific project (and project type in multi-module projects).{% if archetype_artifact_id == "package-xml-archetype" %}
    - The `workflowsPath` property defines the base path (Workflow Category path or labels depending on the {{ products.vro_short_name }} version) and the local folder structure for all workflows inside your project. This describes the initial state and can be manually updated later.
    {% endif %}
